# A

The following functions are either reentrant or not interruptible by signals and are async-signal safe.
Therefore applications may invoke them, without restriction, from signal-catching functions:

## Base Interfaces:

\_exit(), access(), alarm(), cfgetispeed(), cfgetospeed(), cfsetispeed(), cfsetospeed(), chdir(), chmod(),
chown(), close(), creat(), dup(), dup2(), execle(), execve(), fcntl(), fork(), fpathconf(), fstat(),
fsync(), getegid(), geteuid(), getgid(), getgroups(), getpgrp(), getpid(), getppid(), getuid(), kill(),
link(), lseek(), mkdir(), mkfifo(), open(), pathconf(), pause(), pipe(), raise(), read(), rename(), rmdir(),
setgid(), setpgid(), setsid(), setuid(), sigaction(), sigaddset(), sigdelset(), sigemptyset(), sigfillset(),
sigismember(), signal(), sigpending(), sigprocmask(), sigsuspend(), sleep(), stat(), sysconf(), tcdrain(),
tcflow(), tcflush(), tcgetattr(), tcgetpgrp(), tcsendbreak(), tcsetattr(), tcsetpgrp(), time(), times(),
umask(), uname(), unlink(), utime(), wait(), waitpid(), write().

## Realtime Interfaces:

aio_error(), sigpause(), aio_return(), aio_suspend(), sem_post(), sigset().

## ANSI C Interfaces:

strcpy(), strcat(), strncpy(), strncat(), and perhaps some others.
Extension Interfaces:
strlcpy(), strlcat().

All functions not in the above lists are considered to be unsafe with respect to signals. That is to say,
the behaviour of such functions when called from a signal handler is undefined. In general though, signal
handlers should do little more than set a flag; most other actions are not safe.

# B

The use of printf() is not supposed to be used inside a signal handler because it is not an
async-signal-safe function. More specifically, printf() may use internal locks to synchronize access
to the output, which can cause a deadlock if the signal is interrupted while holding the lock.

Also, printf() may allocate memory dinamically, which can lead to memory leaks if the signal handler is
interrupted.

On the other hand, write() is generally safe to use. write() does not use locks or perform I/O operations
that may block indefinitelty. Instead, it simply writes data to a file descriptor, which is an
**atomic** operation that does not require synchronization or buffering. Therefore, calling write() from
within a signal handler is unlikely to cause unexpected behaviour.
